mmhmm
Do you stove at you?
You are a
yes
I don't remember most of it. I remember some.
Loading on Mary
Yes
More really?
who?
Wow. That's a very easy to do.
***Right now
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he looks really old right now. It's not even brown. It's like someone like you're like it's like a
copper metallic mmhmm
NO, no ,no. Now he's a panelist. He used to be a competitor, but now he's a player.
leenly
They just, yeah. And yeah, lately their commentary has been very...
Very right, sss not right
They're just very like, they're just very calm. Like, oh, the girl is being so rude
The guy is so strict no
I think it comes from you. huhuh, yeah huh
mm, some of them, yeah
mm, mhmm
I think that like anyone with like a brain yeah
Okay, I don't think it's like, I don't want you period. I think it's more like she still wants to see other people.
Like she's, she, she's there.
to be the thing. Exactly.
But like and then it was later revealed like
Okay, this wasn't like a super like oh my god crazy thing cuz his intros that are you like I am so handsome
I love myself later was revealed like he wouldn't ask anything about her
like she would it was a conversation she'd be like hey what do you like and he'll be like
like a 30 minute monologue and he'll just shut up
He asked her oh my god, she asked him she was like, hey do you like I have any more questions for me? Cuz they were just sitting in
silence eating, he was just eating and he went...
I'll ask you when I think of one. Don't point me on the spot like that. And she was like, oh, I was like.
That would have gagged.
I feel like you would like it. What she said?
I think she's been busy.
Busy...huhu
Really? No, no, no. Star Wars season 1. You don't like season 1?
I didn't even watch season 2. I should, but I'm too into it.
Yeah, I didn't know
Is that the one where the picture of the girl?
Like,  like before the break or anything? You watch during the break though,
Oh, it's a good game and shit, and then you haven't watched anything?
Oh, you watch a lot of like video essays? Yeah, okay
You're being so hard.
oh i thought you watched like analysis on things like shows and books
mmm
Ooh, that sounds cool. Did you watch her performance?
No, I just watch on TikTok. somehow.
I saw Sabrina, I saw Duchi, I saw... I saw a little bit of Charli XCX, not the whole thing.
I don't remember, who else it, yeah
I didn't watch it, but I had to see that
Oh, they did it together?
ahm, yeah
I can't wait for the Super Bowl Kendrick Lamar performance, yeah
I mean, I want to see it, I think it'd be fun.
He's gonna pull like a some guest I don't know
Whom.. I feel like you'll it just a but
ohhhh
But I feel like, oh, man. Oh, I saw someone. OK, but.
did you see i don't know what picture it was but it was like
They were saying it might be him because there's a chromatica in the back.
His album like there were like people walking or something. I don't know. I don't know what it meant
Tyler? Yeah. Oh, he's coming next week? Ohh